Modify the README file (#310)
meilisearch/milli: README.md

## Introduction

> This repository contains the core engine that is inside of [MeiliSearch].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the core engine used in [MeiliSearch].
```

> It contains a library that can manage one and only one index, MeiliSearch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It contains a library that can manage one and only one index. MeiliSearch
```

> manages the multi-index itself. Milli is unable to store updates in a store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manages the multi-index itself. Milli is unable to store updates in a store:
```

it is the job of something else above and this is why it is only able
to process one update at a time.

This repository contains crates to quickly debug the engine:
 - There are benchmarks located in the `benchmarks` crate.
 - The `http-ui` crate is a simple HTTP dashboard to tests the features like for real!
 - The `infos` crate is used to dump the internal data-structure and ensure correctness.
 - The `search` crate is a simple command-line that helps run [flamegraph] on top of it.
 - The `helpers` crate is only used to modify the database inplace, sometimes.

> ### Compile and Run the HTTP debug server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Compile and run the HTTP debug server
```
